Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, what we are going to do in this lecture is whenever the user clicks on the search field, it's
going to take the user to the set screen where they're finally going to be able to search for products.
Okay.
Now I know that to do this, we are going to need to go back to our VTS code and then first of all,
we have to go to the home screen and we can use control and B to make this right.
Okay.
Before then, what we can do instead of space between, we can set space evenly in order to have a clear
space.
Okay.
Great.
And now we have to make this clickable.
In order to do that.
Over this container we're going to highlight and we're going to wrap it with a widget.
And this widget is going to be a button.
We have different type of button, but I'm going to use the inkwell.
Okay.
The hinkel has a property known as on tap.
And for now we can just leave it this way.
And what we have to do now is to create that sketch screen page.
Now, what is this directory?
We are going to create a new folder and we're going to call this folder inner on the score screens.
Then over this dinner on the score screens, we can then create a new file.
And this is going to be the search or the score screen.
Then this picture is dot, dot.
And now we can use control and B to make this white.
Okay.
The first step is to create a stateless widget and search screen.
And over here we need to highlight and use control and dots in order to impart the material that that
package in order to have access to lots more property.
We can then return a scaffold and not a container.
Scaffold.
And as you know, the scaffold has a property known as Harbour.
Hubba.
Okay, great.
Now, what we want to do is whenever Hayes clicks on this, we want to take the user to this screen.
Okay, back to the home screen.
And over here, we're going to use this which you've seen before.
That is the navigator.
Towards Hoff contest and Lloyd's push.
The roots.
It is matt syria.
Page roots and this is going to take in context and we can specify it sees a type of build contest.
Okay.
And over here, we have to return.
We turn the search.
Screen.
OC highlights a youth culture dot in that that's important.
And over here we need a semicolon.
Okay.
I think we are missing something.
Okay, we can just get rid of this.
Okay.
Now we have to halt.
We start this.
Cards we started.
And this will take some few seconds.
Okay.
And now click on this.
You can see it took us to this screen.
Okay.
And.
Back to the inner screen for the inside screen.
And as you know, the harbor has a property known as background color.
I'm going to show you this.
You can see currently we have this back arrow.
Okay.
This back arrow.
So now we can then say colors that white.
And we are not going to be able to see that back arrow anymore, since this is now why it's okay.
Now this harbour has a property known as icon theme and is going to be icon.
Icon team data.
Okay.
So we are basically saying how we want to style that icon over there.
We can say colors dot black.
Okay.
And you're going to sit back now.
Now we can remove this elevation or this shadow in order to do that.
The harbor has a property known as elevation, and we can then set it to zero.
And they're not going to see it.
You're going to see now it's going to blend with the background.
Okay.
And within the harbor has you know, the harbor has a property known as title.
And for the title, we're going to use this widget which you've not seen before.
It is known as Cooper Zeno.
Capacitor surge test field like measure, it says test field.
We also do have the capacity to test field.
So make sure what you're using is a such test field and use controller.
And that's to say you're going to see how powerful it is.
Okay.
Sounds good, right?
We can go back and whenever use a user wants to search for products, click on this.
It's going to take the user to where they are finally going to search for whatever they desire they
can search for.
Maybe.
Maybe Gucci and the products are going to be displayed over here.
Seems good, right?
And you can see it has this out of the box for you.
You can see how powerful the says this field has.
Okay, click on this.
You can see it automatically clears whatever we have typed in so far.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.